---
title: Exploring NYC
date: 2008-10-15
group: usa2008
layout: post
tags:
  - usa2008
  - travel
---
We chilled out in bed for a while this morning and watched some American adverts with some shows in between! We decided we wanted to check out Central Park, so we set of towards 5th Ave. We went in a few shops and reached the park. We were hungry and I wanted a McDs but couldn't find one on the Upper East Side! We eventually found a little diner on Lexington where I had a burger and Jo had a sandwich.

We'd walked about as far as 76th, so walked back towards Central Park to relax for a while. It was gorgeous, and we sat by Conservatory Water for a while. Then we strolled back towards 5th through the park, and went into the Apple Store and FAO Schwartz. We sat outside them for a while and decided we'd go to Macy's next so walked back down 5th on the other side of the road. We crossed over at 34th into Macy's. I found the Fossil watch I'd seen in Vegas and 5th Ave store, but the sales guy mentioned we should get an 11% discount card but we didn't have our passports with us. We decided to go back to the hotel to pick them up, then go back to Macy's.

After we bought our lovely Fossil watches I got a coffee and read while Jo had a better look around around bought a few clothes.

The [final Presidential debate](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_election_debates,_2008#October_15:_Third_presidential_debate_.28Hofstra_University_.E2.80.93_Hempstead.2C_New_York.29) was on at 2100 which I really wanted to watch, so on the way home we picked up some pizza and spaghetti to go, and ate it in the hotel room. The debate was good, Obama was more professional than McCain, who kept rolling his eyes. Trouble is Americans seem to think he's different to Bush!