---
title: Friends
date: 2008-10-17
group: usa2008
layout: post
tags:
  - usa2008
  - travel
---
We're meeting Sean and Craig today as a surprise for Sean's birthday. We lay in until quite late then set off for Madison Avenue to buy Sean's birthday present. After visiting a couple of clothes shops we decided on a photo album. We walked up to Hallmark on Madison to buy a gift bag. By the time we were cutting it quite fine to get to the restaurant by 1400... especially as we didn't know where the restaurant was on West 54th!

The restaurant was [The London by Gordon Ramsay](http://www.thelondonnyc.com/gordonRamsay/), which Craig booked for the 4 of us. Sean was really surprised to see us which was great. Craig had told her we were leaving NYC before they arrived. The food was excellent, a bit poncey but only $30something for a 3 course lunch. Craig picked up the tab, and I left the tip.

The girls wanted to do some shopping for gifts to take home, me and Craig went to Virgin Megastore and M&M World in Times Square. We met the girls after an hour and walked over to Grand Central Station. The queue was massive for tickets, but after 30 minutes or so we were on a train to [Bronxville](http://goo.gl/maps/CW0Ie) (<span class="geo">40.93815; -73.83208</span>) to meet Sean's Aunt and her family.

Bronxville is gorgeous, and Sean's family were really nice and very hospitable! They cooked dinner for us and we played with their kids who were very cute. We stayed up chatting for ages and Sean's Aunt drove us back to the train station for the 2320 train back to Grand Central.

We got back to the hotel around midnight.