---
title: Shopping Market
date: 2008-10-21
group: usa2008
layout: post
---
We got up really late today (1300) and decided to head over to Downtown Crossing, the other main shopping area of Boston. We walked through Boston Common past the State House, which was beautiful. We stopped for a bagel at Finagle & Bagel on the corner of Willow. I had a club which was delicious. Jo's buffalo wings bagel was not nice :(

We wandered down Willow and went into Macy's, TJ Max (horrible) and H&M. I bought some boxers and Jo got a really nice coat. We headed over to Fenuil Hall and Quincy Market and spent ages wandering around the little shops and stalls. I bought a Boston Red Sox baseball as a souvenir, and we had a Starbucks in Quincy Market building. I love this area of Boston, the old buildings mingled with the new.

We walked up to North End Park, then back to the hotel down State Street, past the Old State House then past the new one to the Common. We stopped at the [market on Charles Street](http://charlesstreetmarket.com/) I remembered from a family holiday to Boston, which stocks everything!

We stopped off at the hotel to relax before dinner, then wandered down Stuart looking for a restaurant. We chose an Italian called [Maggiano's Little Italy](http://www.maggianos.com/en/Boston_Boston_MA/Pages/LocationLanding.aspx) and drank wine and ate so much pasta we couldn't finish - and we'd ordered half portions! We walked around the block then watched TV/did puzzles until gone midnight.